Added CONTRIBUTING.md (#40)
consultlowtide/rt-canada: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

If we are missing anything from this project or can make the development process easier in any way, [please let me know on Twitter](https://twitter.com/martinblaws), or [email](mailto:martin@consultlowtide.ca).

## Code of conduct

> We expect all participants to read Shopify's [code of conduct](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We feel that it is comprehensive and helpful in understanding which actions are and aren’t tolerated.

Author: ```suggestion
We expect all participants to read Shopify's [code of conduct](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). We feel that it is comprehensive and helpful in understanding which actions are and aren’t tolerated in Open Source Software development.
```

To reduce duplicates, look through open issues before filing one. When [opening an issue](https://github.com/consultlowtide/rt-canada/issues/new), please describe the issue in as much detail as possible, screen captures are welcome!

## Your first pull request

Working on your first pull request? You can learn how from this free video series:

[How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github)

If you decide to fix an issue, please check the comment thread in case somebody is already working on a fix. If nobody is working on it, leave a comment stating that you intend to work on it.

If somebody claims an issue but doesn’t follow up for more than two weeks, it’s fine to take it over but still leave a comment stating that you intend to work on it.

### Sending a pull request

We’ll review your pull request and either merge it, request changes to it, or close it with an explanation. We’ll do our best to provide updates and feedback throughout the process.

**Before submitting a pull request**, please:

1. Fork the repository and create your branch from `master`
1. Run `yarn` in the repository root

> 1. [Tophat 🎩](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/blob/master/documentation/Tophatting.md) your changes locally with `yarn dev`

Author: ```suggestion
1. `Tophat 🎩` your changes locally by running `yarn dev`, then commenting `🎩` on your PR, ideally with a screenshot of the local change 🙏 
```
